th07_multi_net distribution package

1. Obtain a legitimate Touhou 7 / Perfect Cherry Blossom installation.
2. Copy your own th07.dat and thbgm.dat into this package folder, next to
   th07_multi_net.exe. These original game data files are intentionally not
   included in the distribution package.
3. Double-click th07_multi_net.exe on every PC. It opens the connection
   launcher. Enter an ASCII-letter/digit-only player name, then choose Host or
   Guest under "Connect as"; a guest also enters the host's IP address. The
   host chooses 2 or 3 players and keeps "Predictive rollback (lowest input
   lag)" checked. Pick Fullscreen 640x480 or Window 640x480 / 960x720 /
   1280x960 in the same launcher.
4. Press the button below the settings ("Start hosting" on the host,
   "Connect to host" on a guest). Wait until "cur state" lists the other
   players with their address and latency and Start Game becomes enabled, then
   any player can press Start Game to start every PC at once.
5. After the game starts, choose and confirm a character and shot for P1, then
   P2, then P3. The prompts identify whose selection is active.
6. For a local two-player game on one PC, press "Start Game (local)" in the
   launcher instead.

Controller setup:
  Configure the pad separately in TH07 on each PC before matching. Each PC's
  own keyboard/pad drives its own player, and each PC reads its own th07.cfg;
  host mappings are not sent to the guests.
  --test-random-input and --no-controller affect only the PC where they were
  specified. Do not use them on a player that should use a physical pad.
  An unfocused game ignores keyboard typing but continues polling its pad.

Synchronized unlocks and resource drops:
  Multiplayer makes Extra, Phantasm, every character/shot, and all Practice
  stages available in memory on every PC, regardless of score.dat progress.
  It does not write those unlocks back to the save. Life and bomb items dropped
  by enemies or enemy ECL scripts produce one copy per player, and anyone may
  collect any of them; life transfer and debug items are not multiplied.

HUD / Power:
  Every player's lives and bombs use separate compact star-icon rows, each
  labelled with that player's name and loadout. The Power bars, labels and
  values sit side by side. When any player is at Full Power, only every other
  Power item converts to Cherry; the rest remain Power items.

Life transfer / revival:
  Overlap two ships within 20 pixels. The giving player releases Shot and
  holds Slow/Focus for 90 frames while the yellow NN% display fills. A life
  item then homes to the other player; a Spirit player is revived directly.

Boss health:
  Final damage to a boss scales with the number of players: unchanged for one,
  0.75x for two, 2/3 for three.

Useful test options (run th07_multi_net.exe from a terminal):
  --test-random-input  local ship only: deterministic move/shot/bomb test
  --rollback            predictive rollback mode (launcher default)
  --blt-prepare 0..16   input/update lead time before presentation (default 1)
  --low-latency-spin    pure spin wait for latency experiments (high CPU)
  --test-seconds 20     stop an automated test after 20 seconds

Manual Host with only a Guest randomized:
  Host PC:
    .\th07_multi_net.exe --host --port 17723 --rollback --delay 0 --windowed --no-demo --no-save --invincible
  Guest PC (replace HOST_IP):
    .\th07_multi_net.exe --join HOST_IP --port 17723 --rollback --delay 0 --windowed --no-save --test-random-input
  Omit --invincible on the Host for a normal damage test. Add
  --test-seconds 30 to the Guest only when it should stop after 30 seconds.

Rollback starts only after every PC reports gameplay-ready on the same exact
frame. It then keeps twelve two-frame keyframes (24 frames total), which is
what a three-player session needs because guest-to-guest input crosses two
links. Movement, Focus, and Shot remain delay-0 predicted. Bomb is predicted
released and a late real bomb rewinds/replays its original frame. Bomb and
border-break fade/pulse/screen-shake/cut-in effects are included in rollback
restoration.

The OpenInputLagPatch-style update-before-draw loop is integrated directly in
th07_multi_net.exe. Do not add openinputlagpatch.dll or oilp_loader.exe: their
original TH07 patch addresses do not match this rebuilt executable.

Nothing has to be configured for it. To tune it anyway, add a [LowLatency]
section to mod_config.ini next to the executable:
  Enabled = 1          0 disables the low latency loop entirely
  BltPrepareTime = 1   milliseconds before the next 60 Hz target to start work
  Sleep = 1            0 = pure spin (lower jitter, much higher CPU)
  DwmFlush = 0         experimental queue bound; slower on the tested PCs
Every value above is the default, so omitting the section changes nothing.

A networked session writes netplay_trace.txt next to the executable: a few
megabytes an hour, and the only record of what two PCs stopped agreeing about
if a session desyncs. Untick "Write netplay_trace.txt" under Advanced settings
to stop it, or set FrameTrace = 0 in a [Diagnostics] section of
mod_config.ini. A session that desyncs with it off leaves nothing to read.

Do not redistribute th07.dat or thbgm.dat. They are required runtime data,
but must come from the user's own legitimate game installation.
